Watson assistant
Natural Language Understanding
Discovery
Language Translator
Natural Language Classifier
TTS
STT
Personality sight
Tone Analyzer
Visual Recognition
10+4

 1. Discovery : Unlock hidden value in data to find answers, monitor trends
    and surface patterns with the world’s most advanced cloud-native insight
    engine.
 2. Knowledge Catalog : Discover, catalog, and securely share enterprise data.
 3. Knowledge Studio : Build custom models to teach Watson the language of
    your domain.
 4. Language Translator : Translate text from one language to another, adapt
    translation models to your custom domain.
 5. Machine Learning : IBM Watson Machine Learning - make smarter decisions,
    solve tough problems, and improve user outcomes.
 6. Natural Language Classifier : Natural Language Classifier performs natural
    language classification on question texts. A user would be able to train
    their data and the predict the appropriate class for a input question.
 7. Natural Language Understanding : Analyze text to extract meta-data from
    content such as concepts, entities, emotion, relations, sentiment and more.
 8. Personality Insights : The Watson Personality Insights derives insights
    from transactional and social media data to identify psychological traits
 9. Speech to Text : Low-latency, streaming transcription
10. Text to Speech : Synthesizes natural-sounding speech from text.
11. Tone Analyzer : Tone Analyzer uses linguistic analysis to detect three
    types of tones from communications: emotion, social, and language.  This
    insight can then be used to drive high impact communications.
12. Visual Recognition : Find meaning in visual content! Analyze images for
    scenes, objects, faces, and other content. Choose a default model off the
    shelf, or create your own custom classifier. Develop smart applications
    that analyze the visual content of images or video frames to understand
    what is happening in a scene.
13. Watson Assistant (formerly Conversation) : Add a natural language
    interface to your application to automate interactions with your end users.
    Common applications include virtual agents and chat bots that can integrate
    and communicate on any channel or device.
14. Watson Studio : Embed AI and machine learning into your business. Create
    custom models using your own data.